writing questions

kkk



Cavity Ring Project Data Analysis 
                                
                        
                
Introduction
                                                   
                        
                                        
        The focus of our paper will be about integrating the build-up cavities for optical lattice experiments [ind], demonstrating its viability to create high contrast, large, homogeneous, and deep optical lattices in a stable and compact way. The Gaussian intensity profile of optical lattices is one of the central features that characterizes their homogeneity and size of the lattices. For this reason, we use the spatially dependent ac-stark shift on the clock transition to map the intensity profile of the cavity lattices. This document summarizes the data analysis that went into the cavity fringe project. 

        The focus of our paper will be about integrating the build-up cavities for optical lattice experiments to demonstrate its viability to create high contrast, large, homogeneous, and deep optical lattices in a stable and compact way. The Gaussian intensity profile of optical lattices is one of the central features that characterizes their homogeneity and size of the lattices.



        The build-up cavities 

                        A) the central features of what? of the program? the model? 
                        B) are you going to talk about other features? 
Potential
                
             The result is shown on the left in Figure 5, which clearly depicts that our estimation is susceptible to systemic errors. Ideally one would expect a flat distribution of the ratio across the sample; however, we see the ratio gets higher as we go further away from the central pixel. So far, we are not sure what the cause is.    

the distance from the central pixel increases. 

the ratio increases with the distance from the central pixel. 

Our trap is generated by the two-dimensional optical lattices created in the build-up cavity and a sheet-like dipole trap, as illustrated in Figure \ref{fig:setup}. Since the trap frequency of the sheet beam is much smaller than the lattice trap frequencies ($\sim$ 200 Hz), for simplicity, we ignore the sheet beam. For a two-dimensional lattice, the potential is

equation-> U

\noindent where U=b*alpha where alpha is polarizability, and $w_{0}$ is the waist of the cavity mode. In the above expression, we have made two approximations $w_{0}/w(x)\approx1$ and $e^{-2z^{2}/w^{2}_{0}}\approx 1$, which are valid assumptions because the rayleigh range of the gaussian beams from the cavity is $\sim 70$ cm and the sheet confines the atoms to be at the $z\approx 60 \ \mu \text{m} \ll  w_{0}$. The atoms trapped in a deep two-dimensional optical lattices, the energy of a vibrational level is~\cite{blatt09} (or by solving the Mathieu equation as in the Sebastian's ring simulation code)

where U=b*alpha/theta,

whatever u is. This relationship can be expressed as
    
    U=b*alpha/theta (1),
    
where b is _, alpha is _, and theta is _.  In (1), we have made two approximations.  

IEEE


In free space, the energy difference between $\SSZ (g)$ and $\TPZ (e)$ states ie.e. delta E are given by $\Delta E_{0}=\hbar\omega_{0}$. 

represented, is = variables
given = an offering

equations
is determined from
is found using
calculation 

In the above expression, we have made two approximations $w_{0}/w(x)\approx1$ and $e^{-2z^{2}/w^{2}_{0}}\approx 1$, which are valid assumptions because the rayleigh range of the gaussian beams from the cavity is $\sim 70$ cm and the sheet confines the atoms to be at the $z\approx 60 \ \mu \text{m} \ll  w_{0}$.

... equations 

\noindent where $n_{i}$, $\nu_{\text{rec}}$, and $n_{xy}$ are vibrational mode along $i$ axis, recoil frequency, and $n_x+n_y$, respectively. Following Equation \ref{eq:2d_potential_vmode_energy}, the energies of $n_{00}=0$ or $n_{10}=1$ (or $n_{01}$) states are



